Okay I have our entity relationships
back up here in JHipster Studio and
what we're going to focus on in this
video is one-to-one relationships. And
I'm going to look at the relationship
between Recipe and Notes. So we've got a
couple of interesting things to work
through here and I'm going to toggle
over to IntelliJ now. I just wanted to
refresh your memory on looking at the
Recipe and Notes and let's get back over
to IntelliJ. And I've created a class,
public class Recipe and that is in the
package domain and that's a pretty
common convention. It is to put your
entities either in a package called
domain or some people prefer to use
model. Neither one is incorrect nor right.
It is just a informal convention that is
generally followed. You may want to call
it something completely different. That
is totally up to you or the developers
you work with. The Recipe is a kind of
interesting. Pretty much unchanged from
what we looked at. One thing I want to one point
out is the byte array for image. So
that's going to give us some interesting
things to work with in terms of JPA
mappings and now I did add in a
placeholder for the difficulty. That's
going to be enumeration. That we will
add in a future video. So this is Recipe
and he's got relationship to Notes and
I'm just adding Notes on that. So let's
do that right now.
So I added in a property of that and
that's going to be our one-to-one
property and let's take a quick look at
Notes also. Notes has one property for
the recipe and then recipeNotes. So
nothing too exciting there.
So let's come back over to Recipe and
what we want to do is add in our getters
and setters because these are all
private fields. This is it just going to make
this a standard POJO and I'm doing
IntelliJ for Mac its command and bring
this dialog up and I'm going to use
IntelliJ to generate the getters and
setters. Typical ceremonial code that we
have to do with Java. So we have that now.
Now what we want to do is create that
relationship. So I'm going to come down
to this field here and add in the
one-to-one mapping. So that is going to
create the relationship for the
one-to-one mapping and I also want to
set up a cascade. So you can make the
recipe the owner of that and we're going
to do cascade all. So that defines the
relationship. But this is not an entity
yet. So we want to set that up as well. So
we're going to come in and annotate the
class as an Entity. So this is now
creating this class as an Entity but
we're not done yet because we've set up
the object world but now we also need to
deal with the relational world and
there's a little bit of leakage here in
this model because we need to give it an
ID value. So under the covers, objects are
going to get their own ID value within
the JVM but we're persisting it down to
a relational database which it really
doesn't have a concept of an ID. So I'm
going to add in a property for the ID
value.
So that creates that and we're going to
annotate that with the @Id annotation
and that is a standard javax persistence. Now we want to say how to
generate it and in this case we are
going to rely on an auto generating
field. So we're going to give it a
strategy and we're going to say IDENTITY
and that is going to leverage the
underlying persistence framework to
generate an ID value for us. Now I do
want to point out that in using the
generation type of IDENTITY, that is a
special type to relational databases
that will support the automatic
generation of a sequence. So MySQL
does have an auto-generated primary key
property that we can use as well as
several other databases do. If you're
using Oracle, Oracle 12 did add this in
twelve and I have not seen that used
too much with JPA. I did try it a while
back with an initial release of
Hibernate five and it was problematic
for me. Hopefully that is now working
where you can leverage this feature. So
you will see documentation out there
saying that it is not supported by
Oracle. That is changing, that as a new
feature in Oracle 12 that has been added
to the Oracle relational database but
the last time I tried it, Hibernate had
not caught up to leverage that
capability.
Now we also want to set a setters and
getters for our ID property.
So again command N. Now that is going to
make that happy and we need to do the
same over on a Notes class. So make him
an Entity and we also want to set up an
ID
and it's just pretty common to use a Long
data type for the ID value. You can use
integer but you limit the number of ID
values that you get that way. So you
can run out surprisingly quick on a busy
database. So now I have the properties
there, one to one relationship and in
this case, we don't need to specify a
cascade because this instance we are
going to allow the Recipe to own this. So
we would not want, in our use case, we
don't want if we delete the Notes object
we don't want to go back and delete the
Recipe object. So we don't want cascade
operations happening but the inverse, if
we want to delete a Recipe, of course
we want to delete the recipeNotes. So
I'm going to add in the getter and
setters. Now there is a special use case
that we want to look at and we have two
of them there and we have an annotation
called @Lob. I've not talked about this
before but this is for large objects and
we, in a relational database you can use
CLOBS for character large objects or
BLOBS for binary large objects. So in
this case by default a String in Java
can be crazy large, I forget the exact
limitation of it off the top of my head
but a lot larger than the default of
hibernate and JPA which is going to be
255 characters. So we want to allow our
users to put in a lot more than 250
characters or 255 characters on the
Notes field. So what we are going to do
to use the Lob annotation. And by doing
this against a String, JPA is going to
expect a distort in a CLOB field in
the database. Now we also have one more
opportunity for this
within recipe and this is on the byte
array field that we're going to store
the Image in. So later in the course we'll
get into loading up an image and we want
to put it into the database in a byte
array field. And if we also do the Lob
annotation here, that will get created as
a binary large objects field or a blob
field inside the database. You know the
only thing we need to do here yet is
difficulty and that is an enumeration
and I am going to get into that in a
future video. So just to recap here, we
have two entities that we created
coming from the Recipe here and the
Notes here. These these two objects are
now represented as POJOs in the
database and they've been annotated for
JPA. So we have the entity, the ID specifying
the strategy to get the ID from the
database upon persistence. We are also
using a lob for a large object storage
and then we specified a one-to-one
relationship for Notes and Recipe is
going to be the owner of this and
persistent. So if we delete a Recipe that
is going to persist down and delete
Notes. Whereas on the Notes object or the
Notes entity, we are annotating it as an
entity same ID strategy, also one-to-one
but we are not specifying a cascade
operation there. So if we delete the
Notes object, the Recipe will remain
inside the database. And then finally on
line 18 there, we are specifying a lob, a
large object for the recipeNotes that
will get a clob field inside the
database to persist the Notes and
without having to worry about
limitations on the size of that String.